KOGITO-4239: [DMN Designer] IntelliSense service - Documentation (release notes) (#3406)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/shared-kie-docs/src/main/asciidoc/Workbench/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesWorkbench.7.52.0.Final/literal-boxed-expressions-have-better-suggestions-con.adoc

> = DMN Literal boxed expressions have better suggestions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= More suitable suggestions in DMN literal boxed expressions
```

> You can now see better suggestions in the DMN designer Literal boxed expression editor in {CENTRAL}. When you are typing a FEEL expression, the first suggestions appear considering the FEEL functions' return type and the context's inferred type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now see more suitable suggestions for literal boxed expressions in {CENTRAL}. When you enter a FEEL expression in the editor, the first suggestion that appears is based on the return type of FEEL functions and inferred type of the context.
```

Author: @hmanwani-rh actually, I believe that here it's important to keep "first suggestions". Since, many suggestions matching the current context type appear first, not a single one. Am I missing something? :-)

Reviewer: @karreiro, updated the sentence.

Author: Thank you, @hmanwani-rh :-)
